freight(5) -- Freight configuration
===================================

## DESCRIPTION

The Freight configuration is a `source`d shell script that defines a few important variables.

## OPTIONS

* `VARLIB`:
  The Freight library directory.  Typically _/var/lib/freight_.
* `VARCACHE`:
  The Freight cache directory.  Typically _/var/cache/freight_.  This should be the document root of the web server.
* `ARCHS`:
  The architectures to support.  Typically _i386 amd64_.
* `ORIGIN`:
  The `Origin` field in the Debian archive.
* `LABEL`:
  The `Label` field in the Debian archive.
* `CACHE`:
  _on_ to cache package control files or _off_ to read them from the packages on each `freight-cache`(1) run.
* `GPG`:
  The GPG key(s) to use.  This value must be set either in a configuration file or by using the `-g` option to `freight-cache`(1).  Multiple keys can be given to sign the repository with more signatures.
* `GPG_PASSPHRASE_FILE`:
  Pathname of a file containing the GPGP private key's passphrase.  This sets the `--passphrase-fd` and `--passphrase-file` options to `gpg`(1).  The passphrase file can be set either in a configuration file or by using the `-p` option to `freight-cache`(1).
* `GPG_DIGEST_ALGO`:
  Message digest algorithm that GPG should use to sign the repository. Apt is phasing out SHA1 so it is recommended to use SHA512 for most use-cases.  This sets the `--personal-digest-preferences` option to `gpg`(1).  The digest algorithm can be set either in a configuration file or by using the `-a` option to `freight-cache`(1).
* `SYMLINKS`:
  _on_ to follow symbolic links in `VARLIB` to produce extra components in the cache directory or _off_ to offer no special treatment.

## FILES

* _/etc/freight.conf_:
  The default configuration file.
* _~/.freight.conf_:
  User-specific configuration file.
* _etc/freight.conf_, _.freight.conf_:
  Directory-specific configuration files.

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

* `FREIGHT_CONF`:
  The pathname of an alternate configuration file.

## THEME SONG

The New Pornographers - "All the Old Showstoppers"

## AUTHOR

Richard Crowley <r@rcrowley.org>

## SEE ALSO

`freight-add`(1) adds packages to the intermediate "Freight library" that is used by `freight-cache`(1) to build the actual repositories.

`reprepro`(1) manages Debian archives, too, if Freight isn't your thing.
