freight-init(1) -- initialize a Freight directory
=================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`freight init` [`--libdir` _varlib_] [`--cachedir` _varcache_] [`--archs` _archs_] [`--origin` _origin_] [`--label` _label_] [`-v`] [`-h`] `-g` _gpg_ _dirname_

## DESCRIPTION

`freight-init` will setup a directory to be used by Freight.  It will generate small wrappers around the original Freight commands.  Use `freight-add`(1) and `freight-cache`(1) to work against the `VARLIB` and `VARCACHE` given to `freight init`.

The benefit of using `freight-init` is to automate the setup of Freight and to configure all data to be stored in one directory.

Configuration is stored in _dirname_`/etc/freight.conf`.

## OPTIONS

* `-g` _gpg_, `--gpg=`_gpg_:
  GPG key.  May be given multiple times.
* `--libdir=`_varlib_:
  VARLIB directory to use.  Defaults to _dirname_`/var/lib`
* `--cachedir=`_varcache_:
  VARCACHE directory to use.  Defaults to _dirname_`/var/cache`
* `--archs=`_archs_:
  Architectures to generate archives for.  Defaults to `i386 amd64`
* `--origin=`_origin_:
  Debian archive Origin field value.  Defaults to `Freight`
* `--label=`_label_:
  Debian archive Label field value.  Defaults to `Freight`
* `--suite=`_suite_:
  Debian archive Suite field value.
* `-v`, `--verbose`:
  Verbose mode.
* `-h`, `--help`:
  Show a help message.

## FILES

* _/etc/freight.conf_, _~/.freight.conf_, _etc/freight.conf_, _.freight.conf_:
  The default configuration files.  See `freight`(5).

## THEME SONG

The New Pornographers - "All the Old Showstoppers"

## AUTHOR

Jens Braeuer <braeuer.jens@googlemail.com>

## SEE ALSO

Part of `freight`(1).
