freight-add(1) -- add a package to Freight
==========================================

## SYNOPSIS

`freight add` [`-c` _conf_] [`-v`] [`-h`] _package_ _manager_/_distro_[/_component_][...]  

## DESCRIPTION

`freight-add` registers _package_ with one or more _manager_/_distro_[/_component_] pairs (or triples).  Currently, `apt` is the only supported _manager_ and _package_ must be one of _\*.deb_, _\*.dsc \*.debian.tar.gz \*.orig.tar.gz_, _\*.dsc \*.diff.gz \*.orig.tar.gz_, or _\*.dsc \*.tar.gz_.  _distro_ may be any arbitrary value but is best suited to naming a particular version of the target operating system (for example, "wheezy" or "precise").  _component_ is optional and for `apt` defaults to `main`.

The package files are organized in the Freight library so `freight-cache`(1) has an easy time of creating package repositories for each _manager_/_distro_[/_component_] later.

## OPTIONS

* `-c` _conf_, `--conf=`_conf_:
  Use an alternate configuration file.
* `-v`, `--verbose`:
  Verbose mode.
* `-h`, `--help`:
  Show a help message.

## FILES

* _/etc/freight.conf_, _~/.freight.conf_, _etc/freight.conf_, _.freight.conf_:
  The default configuration files.  See `freight`(5).

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

* `FREIGHT_CONF`:
  The pathname of an alternate configuration file.  See `freight`(5).

## THEME SONG

The New Pornographers - "All the Old Showstoppers"

## AUTHOR

Richard Crowley <r@rcrowley.org>

## SEE ALSO

Part of `freight`(1).

`freight-cache`(1) builds package repositories from the intermediate "Freight library" managed by `freight-add`.
