freight-cache(1) -- (re)builds package repositories
===================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`freight cache` [`-k`] [`-g` _email_] [`-p` _passphrase file_] [`-c` _conf_] [`-v`] [`-h`] [_manager_/_distro_][...]  

## DESCRIPTION

`freight-cache` converts each _manager_/_distro_ given into a package repository (only Debian archives are supported currently).  The _manager_ indicates the type of repository (again, `apt` is the only supported value).  The _distro_ is an arbitrary string that should match a release of the target operating system (for example, "lenny" or "lucid").  If none are given, `freight-cache` converts all _manager_/_distro_ pairs found in `$VARLIB`.

Packages are read from the Freight library (`$VARLIB` in the configuration, see `freight`(5)) and organized into a working repository in the Freight cache (`$VARCACHE` in the configuration).

Serving the repositories is left as an exercise for the reader.  The Freight cache is the only directory that needs to be exposed, so create a virtual host with `$VARCACHE` as its document root and everything will be fine.

From version 0.0.8 onwards, distros in an APT repository no longer share the contents of the `pool/`.  After upgrading to this version and running `freight-cache` for all your distros, it is safe and recommended to `rm -rf $VARCACHE/pool/main` to reset link counts to the proper value.

## OPTIONS

* `-k`, `--keep`:
  Keep unreferenced versions of packages.  This is different than keeping multiple versions of a package in the repository, which is supported without any special options.
* `-g` _email_, `--gpg=`_email_:
  Use an alternate GPG key. May be given multiple times.
* `-p` _passphrase file_, `--passphrase-file=`_passphrase file_:
  Use an alternate file containing the GPG key passphrase. This file should obviously be protected and only readable by the user running Freight.
* `-a` _digest algorithm_, `--digest-algo=`_digest algorithm_:
  Message digest algorithm that GPG should use to sign the repository, e.g SHA512
* `-c` _conf_, `--conf=`_conf_:
  Use an alternate configuration file.
* `-v`, `--verbose`:
  Verbose mode.
* `-h`, `--help`:
  Show a help message.

## FILES

* _/etc/freight.conf_, _~/.freight.conf_, _etc/freight.conf_, _.freight.conf_:
  The default configuration files.  See `freight`(5).
* _$VARCACHE_`/pubkey.gpg`:
  The exported public key used for signing each release.

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

* `FREIGHT_CONF`:
  The pathname of an alternate configuration file.  See `freight`(5).

## THEME SONG

The New Pornographers - "All the Old Showstoppers"

## AUTHOR

Richard Crowley <r@rcrowley.org>

## SEE ALSO

Part of `freight`(1).

`freight-add`(1) adds packages to the intermediate "Freight library" that is used by `freight-cache` to build the actual repositories.
